feat: Python Deployment of Triton Inference Server (#7501)
triton-inference-server/server: src/python/README.md

> ### Triton Server (tritonfrontend) Bindings

Reviewer: remove this dupe file if moved to `docs/`

> ### Triton Server (tritonfrontend) Bindings

Reviewer 2: Duplicate?

### Triton Server (tritonfrontend) Bindings

These are bindings to the battle-tested frontends contained in the server repo.

Here is a code example of how these bindings will be used in conjunction with the Python In-Process API:
```python
import tritonserver
from tritonfrontend import KServeGrpc, KServeHttp

model_path = "/root/models"
server_options = tritonserver.Options(
    server_id="ExampleServer",
    model_repository=model_path,
    log_error=True,
    log_warn=True,
    log_info=True,
)
server = tritonserver.Server(server_options).start(wait_until_ready=True)

http_options = KServeHttp.Options(thread_count=5)
http_service = KServeHttp.Server(server, http_options)
http_service.start()

grpc_options = KServeGrpc.Options()
grpc_service = KServeGrpc.Server(server, grpc_options)
grpc_service.start()

# Client Logic
# ...

http_service.stop()
grpc_service.stop()
server.stop()
```

## Known Issues

> - Tracing (`TraceManager`) is not supported by the bindings.
> - Shared Memory (`SharedMemoryManager`) is not supported by the bindings.
> - Metrics (`HTTPMetrics`) is not supported by the bindings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The following features are not currently supported by the python bindings:
    - [Tracing](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/trace.md)
    - [Shared Memory](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/protocol/extension_shared_memory.md)
    - [Metrics](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/metrics.md)
    - VertexAI
    - Sagemaker
    - [Restricted Protocols](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/customization_guide/inference_protocols.md#limit-endpoint-access-beta)
```

Reviewer: Let me know if any other features are missing

    - [Metrics](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/user_guide/metrics.md)
    - VertexAI
    - Sagemaker
    - [Restricted Protocols](https://github.com/triton-inference-server/server/blob/main/docs/customization_guide/inference_protocols.md#limit-endpoint-access-beta)

>     - After a running server has been stopped, if the client sends an inference request, it will result in a Segmentation Fault.

Reviewer: Fix indentation, this shouldn't be at the same level as the "unsupported features", it should be at top level
```suggestion
- After a running server has been stopped, if the client sends an inference request, it will result in a Segmentation Fault.
```
